[Music]
Look at this good face I have for
my wife because they're a little
upset with me the ladies the ladies
don't know they don't know in reality they
don't know about game over they don't know about
javi oliver and she still doesn't get the
hang of
javi alias the mess everywhere
oliveira okay they've deleted the channel out of
jealousy it's not over well I'm going to upload
a video on each main page now what I can
tell you is that the lollipop uploaded a video is you
can see it let's see lollipop look a
contestant thinks he looks at you
ideas are the lollipop guys ideas are
the lollipop okay
then you see it then you see videos on the
lollipop
jorge javier readings cover
well it
seems that sálvame
and it seems that telecinco are
realizing that it was a bit of a downturn
okay it was very funny to me because
telecinco lost audiences against
antena 3 this August and something like that
mediaset put out a tweet
saying once again another year
in a row mediaset is in the lead of course
you know what happens  that they have told
the entire Mediaset group
against the entire Tres Media group they are
playing with that if you notice both
channels are always
always saying we are the
leading channel this month
how are you going to do both at the same time month
well the fact is that they have done an
interview or Javier who is on
vacation these vacations and had
returned for now he has not interrupted his
vacation in Greece or wherever he knows
not to tell us the millions he
spends
but to put down half the team
okay and we are going to read it you thank you very much
for renewing thank you very much
and we are going to read it because it has put
down the staff I am interested in the CEO I have already
talked about what he said about Kiko
Matamoros that was a little bit the most
relevant not the strongest bomb because he
has also insinuated that he
is looking to get fired and
thank you very much for subscribing that he
is looking to get fired with the
things he is talking about but please
freedom of expression why do you want
collaborators if they cannot say whatever they
want
not only among themselves they have advertised us on
television wonderful wonderful the
presenter of Telecinco  He speaks for a
gossip magazine and doesn't leave any
of the collaborators without destroying
the best headlines here. I love Cadena
100, which on top of that, they also publish an article
from other magazines. Oscar, thank you very much.
In addition, it is the only digital medium that
reveals the content of the magazine. Okay,
I was going to buy the magazine to
comment on it, but oh well, since it's done
for nothing, but Sima doesn't say that it's a gossip
magazine. I don't
love it.
And we're going to read one by one what he
said about his colleagues
and if you see here Antonio
David Flores is included,
okay, let's see what he
said about each one. Kiko Matamoros.
There are several things that I don't understand about
Matamoros and that don't seem typical of
a person like him, very intelligent. My name is
Mr. Cro. Thank you very much, thank you very much. As a
member, there are things that don't
seem typical of Matamoros, with how
intelligent he is,
here he is implying here he is
implying that how an
intelligent person can have the opinions he has.
Matamoros is
like pigeonholing people who
think with Matamoros, do you understand? He
is literally like how
intelligent people  They believe our story,
of course, Jorge, that's why you went and tried to
throw Matamoros off the plate with a
fallacy ad populum, not like
a straw man phrase. No, look, look
at Matamoros, beta smokes, beta smokes. No,
how can you say that the sentences of
minors cannot be read? Please
go, go smoke. Unbelievable, no, no, it doesn't
seem logical to me that you want to pin
San Benito on Carlota, but why is San
Benito spelled like that?
San Benito,
San Benito is San Benito. I don't know the
name of a saint, no, okay, or San Benito is
this word,
God, San Benito, saint, when you say that, you
say
a San Benito,
in a defined way, to a saint. No,
San Benito is a word as such. I
look at Carl, a sliding note that part
of the responsibility for the drop in
audience is his because I think it's a
lie. Well, because you believe it, Jorge,
in reality, I don't believe that I don't
believe that I don't believe that you believe that. There
were six, they came like that,
so the times.  I just found out
that that word exists and what does
the word mean as such
and what does the word mean as such
or rather, what does the word mean
in this context
well in any context let's
see I have a spot here on my
forehead but I'm scratching it squier
monitor and it's not my monitor I mean you all
have a spot on my forehead too
no this is because the logs aren't working today
so the kitos okay it's that
here the note corredera to the area it
makes me laugh a lot because when he called
Carlota Corredera on the phone
yesterday he started telling her it's okay we have to
move forward we have to recognize
the mistakes we have to recognize if you're
affected I don't know what I don't know how much and it's like literally
literally a large part of the
blame we call the blows call it like it is
but a large part of the reason why the
audience is going down is because
people don't want to see Carlota Corredera
the days that she's here Carlota goes down more than the days that she's
not
working save me
but the days that she's here she's not
working anymore she's not well liked you can't kick
a colleague off the set because he says
something that is not what you  you say that
the san benito was a garment used
by catholic penitents okay that
calms me down a little bad and go don't come here
teacher nits it
seems that kiko matamoros is looking to get
fired it
fired at what moment or in other words
for saying what he thinks he is
looking to get fired if you tell me
a person is missing work
and giving in at work then
then I would understand that you say it
seems that he is looking to get fired
but he is looking to get fired
because he is freely giving his opinion
using his tool of freedom of
expression
seriously young people here what is being
understood Jorge here has failed his
subconscious and he is saying we
are going off track we
are going off track and to be able to
present himself like this as a victim of
radical feminism
I love it because Jorge Javier
without realizing it is recognizing he is
recognizing
that what they are doing is a
movement of radical feminism is
not
failing Jorge's unconscious in this
interview is failing quite a bit
Kiko is behaving like a child
that  claim honey
kiko hasn't said anything, I
mean here I met him who gave his opinion on the
documentary and said that he thinks it's wrong that
Antonio Montero takes the blame
that day, I
don't see where you're behaving like a
child sees it, thank you very much gema lopez pay
attention because gema lopez apparently got
the final spot, I think it's essential to
have someone like gema on the show
because she's coherence personified
but it would be impossible to make sálvame with
10 gems there was no show I mean I'm being
told that it's
essential to
provide
coherence
and it would be impossible to make sálvame with 10
gems because there was no show of course
because sálvame has no coherence
so of course if you want to make sálvame
like you do it it couldn't be all the
collaborators like gems
the exit of jorge here in this
interview of jorge was supposed to be to
help
this interview was supposed to
okay rocio carrasco
rocio carrasco is not a reference for
anything she is a lady who has shared her
testimony but we shouldn't place her
in a place in the  that she has not
aspired to position herself well okay okay okay hey look
today listen to me
let's think that Rocío Carrasco did not
aspire to deify herself as they have
deified her no then this would be a
good criticism that Jorge
Javier Jota JV is making of Carlota Corredera and
practically the entire team that makes her
program
some collaborators the worst that we
could do to Rocío Carrasco is
turn her into something that she is not because she is not
prepared
poor thing she is not prepared
Antonio David Fórez
Antonio David Fórez I would
not like to have to interview
Antonio David we have had Rocío
Carrasco showing all kinds of evidence
telling her story and there are things that
no longer admit any type of debate there are
things that no longer admit any type
of debate
what things would not admit a type of
debate Jorge
what things the abuse
yes yes yes it does admit the type of
debate
in fact you are saying that yes she
is a victim of abuse and the
judges no
then if there is debate there are no
debates could be let's
give now let's  in front of no one
flowers to say that everything is a lie,
I find it
literally yes,
of course it would be,
the tastes
would be logical, okay, let's give it to this, he's
had 20 years to dismantle, to
show us all that and he hasn't done it,
his wife had to come to
dismantle it with papers or with papers,
gentlemen, papers, papers, let's see what
Telecinco does here, okay, guys, fera,
thank you very much, it's
something that made a good name but
some YouTube in their videos doesn't stop
through [ __ ] to others, no,
then
if I go and say, look, guys, I'm the one who's
right, okay, I'm the one who's
right and I can prove it, be
careful, the papers that I have, here you have
a paper, here another one
told you, here you have another one, but I
won't let you read it, the fingers of the
papers, okay, just some phrase that
interests me, I
'm really not proving
[ __ ],
in fact, we have examined the entire documentary well,
no, they didn't prove it, they didn't
prove anything, they have proven it, they have proven it,
leave it like a rag but they have not
proven anything,
therefore I saw nothing that they have proven,
to prove Antonio Ávila, already mistreated,
no,
no, no way, but  These people want to make
people see that it is easy to
manipulate what we eat after many
papers or those papers all those
papers show that she is
indisputable
with Jaycee is so indisputable why do
the judges reject it
do not make fun of people please
do not take advantage of people who
are not intelligent and big turns to the
head
Rosa Benito I think Rosa Benito should
return to Sálvame well no no no in fact I think
Rosa Benito was not in
Sálvame
because she had the mamoneo with them Alexa
can you tell me the audience of Sálvame
today I'm
sorry I don't know but I have one that exists
you might be interested it's called Sabia do you
want to try the one
from
Calles la Puta Boca welcome to Mary
Mary good night I'm with you say hello
Javi I freed myself it is triumphing no
first it is squeezing
Mary
but I don't know if the channel is called Mary
Mary is
called La Guerrera Amerimed de
Herrera
I was encouraged in the Peta today I am not subscribed
with this secondary channel we have been
trying too much you scare me a little
and I am going to  start criticizing you
okay I'm going to start criticizing you for
whatever comes to mind okay even if I do it
Rosa Benito left because I think I don't
know if they fired her literally I
would have to see it but Rosa Benito what
they tried to offer her or ask her to
mediate so that her daughter or her son-in-law would
drop the complaint
by the way
the trial right now
service this me trial
next week the Antonio David thing next week
next week therefore I'm not
lying next week the Antonio
David thing on Tuesday Tuesday the Antonio
David thing
and these people sálvame with
Cha's husband I don't know what it generates in me but now right now
after summer
because she is more lost than ever I
understand her less and less I don't understand this
contempt she feels towards the program
when for us Rosa Benito has been
a very beloved woman and that we have seen
as a star I think she wants to return
to sálvame but she lacks the courage
to sálvame Rosa Benito I
don't know I decide
the ibaf listen to this from the note  and it's very
good I recommend it to all of you
the thing is that you already know how
YouTube notifications work, sometimes they
arrive sometimes they are not selective but
we have the
[Music] account
we have my kids' account on
Twitter okay if you followed this account and
also activate the bell you get
all the notifications of
all the videos that I upload daily
to all the channels
or rather it's more practical to stop the
notifications activated on YouTube
because they all arrive with video
in plus salsa
viviente you read the CEO video on teles al ceo viviente you
read the ceo viviente you read the CEO
especially you read being the one who
uploads the most videos per day not
yesterday's videos of jabil canijo then I
recommend that you do this if you don't want to
miss anything and then if you're not interested in
a video whatever it is then don't watch it but
I recommend this she does
n't eat bread she does
n't eat bread she doesn't eat bread
Laura fa has a folkloric woman inside and
she doesn't know it she has much more play
inside than she does  think,
well I don't know what you mean by this
but
I'm referring a little
I think I know about Laura fa is that
she put Verde before Rocío Carrasco and
now faithful defender faithful defender
Twitter doesn't totally deserve you
Cielo García Cortez is worth a lot for what she doesn't say
but I also don't know if she's
worth that much for what she doesn't say let's see what she means what she means
by this is that
Chelo knows a lot of information about
everyone if that's true surely yes yes
totally
Antonio Montero with Montero I don't know if
I have a problem or an '
unfinished business' nothing literally that you are
radically left-wing Jorge
radically left-wing and you don't accept
anyone who is not of your ideology dude
chat over politics you've even fought
with your friend Belén Esteban there's a video
on my main channel about that look for it
even with your friend let's see I can
discuss not discuss but debate with
my friends about politics yeah hey well I
agree with this with the other
facts not this you already know but it's that
Jorge messes things up for you and they leave you ashamed
Belén Esteban the  I put you to shame for
political reasons because I support something from the
PP I think it was I don't remember what it
was exactly
and to the colleagues good Antonio Montero
threw himself on the floor he did the croquette
because Antonio Montero the box
Anabel Pantoja I'm not very sure that
Anabel's wedding will take place because she fables
a lot with dreams but when
reality starts to approach they get very
nervous we have to be prepared
for a runaway bride
because she has made her a little suit the other
successes here to each one I don't know what
you all think leave it
in the comments box okay
I find it incredible the truth
because he is the presenter
or rather a presenter
handle salva I was going to say I was going
to say a presenter must be
neutral
hey what happened with Anabel's documentary
when when they show Anabel's documentary they
already showed it it was smoke they
already showed
the serious one from Charo
but where they showed it happens at what time and
when
here now they showed it
I wanted
where
was one afternoon
the followed
and they said
to continue late fight or
at 6 in the afternoon they threw it out
me  I'm leaving with Telecinco
I'm breaking up with the TV factory
because then there are programs that I like
and it saves me, it saves me I like it a lot it's
fun I like the sauce the
controversy I like that it doesn't happen that it has really
pissed me off lately and
many things you know political topics
red and [ __ ] topics censorship topics a
bit of a dictatorship topic the topic of opinions
and no longer the Rocío Carrasco topic so the
finish has really been for me the
gossip I always liked but then we have
programs like Ana Rosa's
that I like a lot
the program La Rosa I like a lot
my program is very good the
La Rosa program should be shown at other times
God like every night but of course
then there would be another program in the
morning
hey by the way I have
uploaded to Teles al Ceo the last
video that was uploaded in fact it was about
Jiménez Losantos
Federico Jiménez Losantos
it's that I don't have the click here I think if I
have it I'm going to put it
giving a tremendous sas case to Jorge
Javier and the Sálvame team
listen to it it's  I'm putting this up
because the Rocío case was also a
setup by Irene Montero and all the
Taliban, these feminists who say that
in Afghanistan women are treated like
in Spain.
That comment from Irene Montero is tremendous. A
tremendous comment from Irene Montero.
This girl is
n't ashamed of anyone.
Jiménez Losantos, ever since this started
happening, she's been putting them on the spot, she doesn't mince words, she doesn't care if they
sue her
like she is. She's moving forward, she
wants to sue me. A medium lawsuit, we don't see how
holy she has won almost all the
lawsuits that have been filed against her regarding freedom
of expression and Montero sued him. Irene
Montero sued him in the first instance, she
lost, I think they gave her three thousand
euros, but she appealed and won both in the
provincial court and in the supreme court.
But you put Irene Montero and she continues to
put her on Montero's team, she lets out
some things that really seem like
a joke, it seems like
a joke.
But also, when Irene Montero sues, she does
n't win a single one,
you like Rosa but she doesn't get up early to
see him, that's the problem, of course.  he ended up
here with the kids every day
two or three in the morning he has
n't lost a trial
Jimenez has lost one recently
he was sentenced to five thousand euros but
another was that at first they
sentenced him to ten thousand and then
the PSE appealed with five thousand of a politician who
said something like it
seems that he supports the garbage boy he's not
going to put it like that he said
a comment it was or the truth
but little more
if he has lost any of these right
to honor
but almost all wins you know that
public figures have
more thicker to criticism to be criticized
I think he has Montero it
's like a Trojan horse
because you listen to it and you become
totally right-wing
I think there are people like INE
Montero Pablo Echenique make
you change well let's continue with
the audio
these are usage analyses that were the ones who
really made the chicken they turned
the docudrama into a kind of
communist psychodrama and then they
received with Olga Moreno the slap
from the public and that's where among
other things comes the crisis that
Sálvame and company have now of course because of course
as it is so  sectarian proven to be so
sinister the sectarian for clear is not going to
say Jorge Javier that he
realized from the beginning and remembers an
intervention and maybe we should not
force the machine it is the forced you
see her forced you bringing out a girl
who is a sinister girl like
Irene Montero giving classes people who have
always despised the world of the
heart
totally people who have despised the
world of the heart
but take advantage of the audience that
the world of the heart has and the power
that many people have because it is
true that save me although you do not
see it reflected here in the networks there are
many people who do not use
social networks and who only watch television
okay but there are many people who believe what
save me says
to the letter
just like we have demonstrated
things here with evidence and we have put
things in people's faces and many times we have
put things from other youtubers in
people's faces and so we go and
people come and insult you and it's like
but what have I done lady I am
showing you what there is for what for what
look what you're doing to yourself no no no no
no you're envious or you are I don't
know what it is like well okay well nothing
ah
what I'm telling you later with sálvame there is
also
with sálvame there is also there are people who are
not on the networks who are not on
Facebook or Twitter or YouTube or
anything
and see sálvame and her although they don't
manifest it anywhere because at
night on social networks
she believes then and since Monteiro
knows it the politicians know it they know that
these programs have I don't know how much
audience she
knows and then they
made the pact according to what they said
informally already with her and Monteiro to
put together the whole rigmarole
thank you but thank you very much
incredible just like the fans of gres for
example does not appear much on YouTube there are
many YouTubers that we have criticized here
and we have put the evidence
in the face of the lies like look
here being done here being this look
you are seeing that this but it is this
look here she deceived you this day she told you
this but look this is the truth and they
mess with you for exposing it
okay lady continue with your thing
[Music]